Add Caching docs (#269)
railwayapp/nixpacks: docs/pages/docs/cli.md

| `--libs <libs...>`          | Provide additional Nix libraries to install in the environment |
| `--tag <tag...>`, `-t`      | Additional tags to add to the output image                     |
| `--label <labels...>`, `-l` | Additional labels to add to the output image                   |

> | `--cache-key <key>`         | Unique identifier to use for the build cache                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cache-key <key>`         | Unique identifier to use for the cache. Defaults to `pwd`      |
```
